everybody welcome back to the land place
of a new Isaac after plus yesterday's
daily we did quite well ranked one to
one one point four eight percentile with
the score forty three thousand six
hundred forty eight points today is a
blue baby run that goes to mom's heart
scores on the front page range from 38
to 48 thousand and we haven't played as
blue baby in gosh-darn
forever I've forgotten everything that
makes this character tick three point
six seven damage decent speed I'm
treating it almost like it's an Eden run
or something here but this would be a
slightly subpar Eden run but there are
you know good things about being blue
baby for example uh you can shoot your
poop and get on average you know maybe
one cent per floor out of that you can
also hold your poop and have it manifest
itself as a non-stop all stats upgrade
thanks to this incredible trinket who
are we fighting here these guys yeah
ceremony each other see if I care I
don't know that's how you use pheromones
as a verb
probably releases the verb that you use
for pheromones but I don't like saying
the word release on the internet people
get real weird about it oh yeah release
me daddy I don't understand how did we
get down this twisted rabbit hole every
day we straight further from the Lord's
light okay so now okay be careful we'd
have an interesting decision if they
gave us shoopdawhoop shoopdawhoop is
excellent but it would compromise to
some extent the use of illuminated bulb
right now which is really like a good
all stats upgrade one damage one tear
upgrade the equivalent of one speed
upgrade I think as well I'm not sure
about luck but I'm assuming so but we'll
probably just get a troll bomb anyway so
don't sweat it too hard what did I tell
you you know I didn't want to be right
but I had a suspicion that I could be we
also could still use the poop we just
have to be more considered in how we use
it so for example you know we kill these
guys this is so unlikely to make like
any difference you know crack into that
at the very end of the room then you get
your charge back and then you shoot at
this and you get nothing
okay honestly probably not really worth
worrying about what's the dangerous blue
baby well I actually don't think blue
baby is like that heinous of a character
to start as it's got a you know to put
it in y equals MX plus B terms blue baby
is a higher y-intercept than the
character like Judas you know if you get
nothing you're likely to live a little
bit longer but the slope of the run is
way worse so we need to hopefully get
things that basically damage upgrades
like that for example and to also speed
up our ability to get stronger and
obviously cat-o'-nine-tails does like a
great job there I don't know forty eight
thousand is a high score we do
technically want to look for a seam and
the easiest way to get one is probably
in a woz room but I would replace the
poop with the shovel if we got the
opportunity it's pretty much the central
reason why I am NOT going to that curse
room right now because I'm a little
worried about our HP interesting a
little bit of a bummer but a golden
chest might actually work out for us the
thing is you know an item room is
probably much better value than a golden
chest on average but you can get some
pretty jank item rooms if you can get
some pretty good golden chests so we do
have to think about it but I'm just not
going to worry about it too much take
evil eye instead which is probably like
one of the items in the game for which I
have the worst barometer for how good it
actually is but that's irrelevant at
this point I don't know maybe we should
shoot all that
thank you dim bulb thank you dim bulb
this is what also what my teacher said
to me every time I answered a question
in class and I only now realized that
it's a self-fulfilling prophecy because
there's not even dim bulb that's
illuminated bulb no my teacher teachers
I guess I didn't go to like a one-room
schoolhouse and it wasn't too much but
it was like an eight room schoolhouse
but
not a quite a one-room schoolhouse but I
never got in trouble or yelled at for
being too stupid it was more like not
being able to keep my mouth shut like
once this is such an NL story because
I'm like I'm not even a geography nerd I
just like knowing what a map looks like
which I think is like what a three year
old thinks geography is and still to
this day that's basically my
understanding of the science but you're
playing this game in like second or
third grade and it was an alphabet game
there is a board game that based on I
don't remember which one it's like
Scattergories or something like that
that teacher was like you know you'll
name a country that starts with F and
then put it by hannah to go at France
we're going angel rooms things are not
good enough name a country that starts
with J and then I'm like waiting for
everybody in the class blows their hand
nobody does it on my own Japan and then
she's like okay someone other than Ryan
name a country that starts with D and
everybody you know when you're eight
you're racking your brain countries that
start with D are there any oh good
of course we you know now know each lane
oh I'm poking fun of myself because
that's not the name of Germany in
English but either way we're just going
to head down here
everybody's racking their brain I can't
think of one oh you know the United
States of America no you idiot that's
not correct so I waited for like what
felt like a hundred years is probably
like fifteen seconds that just could not
stop myself I went Denmark and then my
teacher was like hey Ryan you don't get
to play the game anymore cuz you didn't
follow the rules and in hindsight she
was right you know the purpose of the
third grade is not for a child to make
all the other children feel bad because
they don't know Denmark okay I've
learned that now it was a tough pill to
swallow
that's the kind of thing where you like
you tell your parents that story and
they're like we should send Ryan to a
private school he's too smart he knows
all the country names the world is his
oyster surely he won't be condemned to a
life playing the same video game over
and over again yelled effort only being
in the top six percent of players five
years after its initial release okay
here we go curse room for free I could
have been anything in this world in the
third grade I had memorized countries at
an eighth grade level crammed us to get
11 cents left here the we're really like
working hard for well to get our fill
mostly I've realized that everybody
wants a thrill but we can't for the life
of us make more spirit hearts appear on
this run and we're really really trying
they just have not existed so far I've
been a little light unconsumed bulls
with a luck set of two I'm kind of
surprised honestly because and that is
well above the mean I'd suggest but in
terms of like our actual like the
potency of this run right now we're
doing just fine from a damage standpoint
I think we're doing very well we should
save a bomb in case we get a deal with
the angel it would be nice to blow up
the angel statue although to be fair we
would want to be able to kill the angel
statue without taking damage as well
which doesn't seem overly likely right
now odds are we probably won't get any
deal I mean it's like a one in six
chance that we get a deal with the angel
right now and it's roughly a one in
three chance we get to deal with the
devil as well but a deal with the devil
is possibly more palatable I don't know
it depends what the deal is I guess is
what it all comes down to my friends is
that everything's going to be fine fine
fine cuz I got one hand in my pocket and
the other one is picking up Judas's
shadow let's go pretty good well I mean
very good now if we get a deal with the
devil we could take whatever we get and
effectively we'll be paying one spirit
hard to turn our other two spirit hearts
into black hearts and double our damage
so assuming it's a deal with
that doesn't give us HP to begin with
but we got to get the deal first and
that might not even be that relevant in
the whole scheme of things but you know
what's nice is that we are making great
time even against the champion gertie an
enemy that's fairly tanky I'm going to
be out of here by like eight and a half
minutes probably one of the top eight
tracks off of the dismemberment plans
1999 classic emergency and die we did
get a deal with the angel we got no bomb
so there's nothing we can do about it so
we'll just take the soul and we'll get
the heck out of there sorry angel statue
I don't know I can't think of the last
time I use the bomb but thank you for
giving us the soul nonetheless maybe
this is the best of all worlds we get
the soul I just realized by the way kind
of a moron probably should have know I
was like we could have died on the on
the blue fires and then become dark
Judas and then taken the soul to get to
spirit arts and our damage would be
doubled but there's no guarantee because
if we died in the angel room we would
have respawned in the boss room the
angel room might not have remained open
so we might not have gotten anything out
of that by the way if you're wondering
why I'm not using the poop it's
basically just like I don't think it's
worth the ask most of the time for our
you know unique situation here to put it
politely so I'm going to go to the shop
my hope is that there would be a bomb
neither of these are that good so I
think we'll pick up this and my hope is
that we can make an ace of diamonds work
but I was very eager to spend five cents
on a bomb that would give us unlimited
bombs but hopefully we'll just find a
bomb elsewhere
so we really like can make up for the
purchase of this card which is not very
good by turning red hearts into coin
because we need every other kind of
consumable but if we somehow get like 15
red hearts to drop you know that's what
we're going to change things up for sure
for certain I would very much like to
open that golden chest or those golden
chests but there's no means for which
you can make that happen so far at least
we can get to our item room we haven't
been like wealthy on this run with
respect to you know are consumables
including money of course money has
actually been like the best of all
consumables for us so far but we haven't
been impoverished either like we have
basically just enough to cover what we
need and none left over for the next
floor it could be worse honestly like we
could not be able to open item rooms
that happens from time to time and
there's really nothing you can do about
that situation when it prevents or when
it presents itself and I think we've
been doing a pretty good job not taking
damage either but really like I can't
complain about this daily we've gotten
great damage and our trinket right off
the bat really cemented this is a run in
which we had some pace so you know I
would say this is a positively Danish
run right now hear me out here by the
way I got a bone to pick Denmark I know
everyone's like always will be good eh I
mean we should pick this up just to
possibly get a couple of pennies out of
it but alright
America American Britain British I don't
know if that one even applies France
French Denmark Danish would why not
Denmark you that's I just got to ask
Germany German Sweden Swedish Finland
Finnish Denmark Danish explain this to
me why do you get your own demonym that
breaks the mold oh dude
crickets head that's pretty good
maybe there's a great reason that I'm
not aware of I'm just saying there
better be because you know I'm sitting
over here I don't want to be Canadian
anymore I want to be you know Vaughn
Feldstein I don't know what that even
means but you know we're going to figure
it out for ourselves as we go do it the
money is out of control but would it
kill you to give me a single bomb all I
wanted on this floor is one bomb so I
could get a golden bomb find all of our
secret rooms and kill enemies with
relative ease although our damage is 11
right now so it's not like we're hurting
on a killing standpoint right now but
again you're the land of the Danes
Denmark I don't know is that just the
English name is that one of those that
one of those things where you know for
some reason like you have a country name
that we could pronounce in English but
we gave it our own country name or is it
one of those ones where we call it
Denmark but in Danish the language is
actually like you know Danmark you know
it's the same thing we just need lessly
change differ so well not we I'm not
going to take any credit for it it was
probably the British all right well
we're sad lis moving on here sadly just
because of the consumables by the way I
mean we could ace of diamonds
petrified poop everyone's ragging on me
by everybody I mean one person
specifically saying why do you call this
guy rah mega his name is rag mega and
you know the easy thing to do there
would be to go oh I know but I actually
didn't I actually for some reason at one
point maybe I thought this guy's name
was rag mega because I actually read the
you know description but then it just
became raw mega and I never questioned
it so you know what thank you for
forcing me to turn the lens of criticism
inwards and learn a little bit about the
Isak world that I surround myself with
you know if I'm going to spend a little
bit of every day playing The Binding of
Isaac it helps to be helps to be abreast
of the situation
thank you for bringing it to my
attention I don't know why I said it in
this smarmy voice we I mean didn't need
to shoot the poop but it's not like that
poop is never going to benefit us anyway
well that's not sure because respawn is
dark you just get a bunch of HP upgrades
and then eventually need the rainbow
poop but all of that happening within
one floor would be unlikely speaking of
which so would getting one bomb
apparently on the bright side like if
you did get a bomb I don't know how you
did it
but you're probably in the minority here
so I'm not really worried about
competing with people getting to you
know secret rooms and second secret
rooms and oh look there's a random
crawlspace there that gives you
Polyphemus so I'm pretty sure that this
one's gonna I can't take mark not
without like a bean based weapon or
something it's just no good so I'm
pretty sure this one comes down to like
how much damage are you taking which is
actually working out like pretty nicely
for us right now I didn't even have to
lampshade it I knew I was going to get
hit there it's just perfect timing so
you definitely go for a Half Price
restock we've got power pills we have
PhD that's right
let me get credit card okay if you buy a
key oh I'm not buying a bomb though we
can buy a bomb and maybe get a nickel
out of it but that's not my strat here
the credit card the plan with the credit
card is to use that on a deal if devil
if it shows up or a future shop in the
end I would suggest that our key did get
used appropriately here by doing the
room will get a little bit of a bonus
regardless but I was hoping to maybe get
a key and some consumables out of the
first one so that it more or less pay
for itself but sure we got a bomb we
also needed one of those and we got some
more money for finishing so we are like
basically exactly on schedule for
getting through this floor and getting
to boss rush and I think we're strong
enough to live through boss rush maybe
we could use a little bit more HP on
route but just checking to see we could
blow that up for 5 extra cents we could
buy a key
I don't know the bombs are also pretty
valuable so I think a bomb is as
valuable as a key right now maybe even a
little bit more tilted towards a bomb
because you know tinted rock potential
which hasn't been an issue so far all
right I don't know
stop with the Skype messages this is
madness it's inanity you're interrupting
an elite eSports athlete in the middle
of his daily meditation this is honestly
it should be illegal I'm going to go
this way a Cuba meet is nice and we will
have permanent Polaroid invincibility
even if we come back as dark Judas
we'll have permanent Polaroid
invincibility for a bit probably so a
Cuba meet is very good nice one-two
punch moron almost got yourself killed
I've been told it's worth fighting the
angel statue gives you a damage
multiplier I'm sorry a point multiplier
it's not going to slow us down that much
we also got seraphim as an item honestly
our damage is good enough to not really
be like oh thank god its Seraphim but it
is a little bit more damage thrown onto
the pile so I'm not going to complain
too hard it's a relatively good deal at
the angel item
there's our key piece also increases our
odds of getting deals with the angel in
the future we're down to the next floor
I would say like roughly with perfect
timing
because we're fast enough to do whatever
we want but not fast enough or done
quick enough rather to do nothing so a
health upgrade is really nice as Glu Bay
because it doesn't spawn just an empty
heart container via PhD so tella pills
it's not bad power pill is also not bad
but credit card we want to make sure we
make use of this and really my strategy
for credit card I've been I've been at
this game a long time but my strategy
for credit card is very very simple in
this day and age use it the first
opportunity you get don't worry too much
about you know
getting maximum 100% value out of it
just you know if you find a deal with
the devil uses you find a shop item you
want to buy use it you less you'll thank
yourself later when you're not holding a
credit card on the chest wondering what
went wrong and trust me I've been there
many a time very lucky we found our boss
room quite early we probably want to use
[Music]
power pill to get into the curse room
maybe but we got a like the rest of the
floor needs to come into clarity a
little bit more for us first you know I
need to go to our shop I need to go to
our item room if we've got the time with
our damage and with a cube of meat we
should be able to kill mom fairly
quickly we could also get more money out
of that which could be worth more spirit
arts in and of itself okay so here shop
an item room so as of this point we
could pretty much go to the boss fight
if we're worried about time which I
don't think we have much reason to be
but just in case it's good to keep that
in mind greed no greed convertor doesn't
matter map does so I say we credit card
buy the map and it doesn't restock after
that bomber dude but we did save our
money I also got another health upgrade
not going to use converter I really
thought that it would give us two new
items I think it's the first time I've
ever used credit card while also having
restock or something don't hate me
because I'm beautiful
it's I don't like the idea of using
stompy because we walk on mushrooms who
walk on
I mean skulls obviously are good because
they give us black hearts and tarot
cards my favourite crash-test-dummy song
however we walk on hearts we're making
like a bad decision you know not hard
for those weird enough in the womb that
give you hearts but never do all right
so we have a tell appeals I don't know
what my plan is for that but we're going
to go fight mom quickly because we have
to and then we'll do boss rush and I'm
kind of eager for the opportunity if you
get a deal with the angel to be really
nice because that indicates there cannot
be a Krampus in it that's right I
subscribe to the multiple Krampus theory
there's not one Krampus there's many
demons masquerading as Krampus to try to
stop us from being able to get the boss
rush on dailies dude blue mom when time
is of the essence pain in the butt
luckily we got eleven damage easy money
no Krampus fight permanent Polaroid
invincibility all right so Pisces
continuum fruitcake anemic
who so the peers up plus knock back
continuum fruitcake I think we'll go
fruitcake
don't think it's a particularly strong
item and I think boss rush might well
take us quite a long time here but
honestly the points are fine and if
we're only looking to get to like 35,000
we really haven't we haven't made it too
easy on the game is the way that I would
describe it you know we haven't taken a
bunch of stupid damage we haven't you
know accidentally picked up an item that
ruins things for us or anything like
that unless fruitcake ends up dealing
like a ton of damage to us that were not
ready for but I honestly think that
we've kept it pretty much on the level
it's been a little bit of like a I
wouldn't say boring necessarily but a
little bit of like a standard daily
haven't been too many opportunities to
really mess about but it turns out that
that's like completely okay are you not
dead what happened that was like a
science euthanasia tier or something
like that
there's a lot of gaps in this run that I
would like to I mean it sounds wrong
there's a lot of gaps I'd like to plug
our stats are so good and I'm eternally
grateful for that however wouldn't mind
replacing our space bar item now it's
kind of a luxury to have a garbage well
not very good space bar item that
charges very quickly because it works
very well with illuminated bulb makes it
you know probably one of the best
trinkets in the game not that it's had
much competition on this run however
still wouldn't mind having the
opportunity to maybe get a
to maybe get a spacebar and then
actually provides us with some benefit
at a small cost to our stats
although literally to every one of our
stats I hate I accidentally nudged I got
like a volume knob on my headphones
because because I'm fancy and I nudged
it with my knee here and now the game is
at zero volume so I hear myself like a
hundred percent I'm very much over the
like Oh does my voice actually sound
like that sort of stuff but it's still
like it's distracting because now it's
more like are those the thoughts that
are coming out of my head like I'll
eternally be embarrassed about that so
if you'll give me a moment here maybe
after we kill monstro to crank up the
volume I wish I mean I'm going to pump
pump the jam and pump it up while your
feet are thumping that's much better
okay so fruitcake I mean it's a good
item for us I think it actually is
upping our damage not that we
drastically needed but it's been fairly
useful for us so far the occasional
expose Evo or Holy Light shot mostly
those ones like Godhead is nice but a
little bit less raw damage than any of
those other options and of course the
pennies that were getting from it as
well and I guess I didn't even mention
it though that was pretty bad but the
the demon hearts from from serpents
kissed tears that was the first tip
we've taken on this boss rush though so
I'm like decidedly not sweating it
rarely especially on dailies where you
don't have much of a choice about
whether or not you do boss rush rarely
does it end up being a decision that
actually benefits you in terms of like
your HP or any of your other stats for
that matter so so far I'm like this is a
dream come true man I think that was a
booger tear but I was waiting for him to
explode for like 15 seconds there
mega fatty only scary to us right now
when he jumps you know any other attack
that he does we can dodge super easily
not even I was going to say be able to
kill him before he gets done with that
just going to watch out for for
teleporting enemies which is effectively
the same as a jump if they disappear
from the screen and then also enemies
the shoot beams if we can avoid those
two that's like 80% of the damage I'd
expect to have any chance to take here
just why I'm trying to understand in one
spot for two too long up okay fast enemy
we didn't get hit though I actually had
to double check there I thought we might
have so really this is a pretty
comforting position to be in right now
because there's no chance for us to
really mess it up at this point
sure it would be great to get a seam and
make it past the the moms hard fight and
make it down to Sheol it's only one
extra floor it would make all the
difference from a point standpoint but
honestly it's conceivable that deals
with the angel at such a good item it's
conceivable that going for deals with
the angel has precluded us from doing
that like there's a chance that the shop
shows up but it probably won't so I
think at this point we actually should
use tell appeals and we should go
explore the rest of this floor because I
think that's the best way for us to
accrue like a maximal advantage here I
wish I hadn't messed up the shop of
course the one time I advocate like a
conservative use of credit card it ends
up screwing me because I could have
bought like four or five items from the
shop but alas and alack we can't go back
we have a library potentially and
that'll be an interesting thing to think
about because Book of Revelations is
like well it's good it's a one down to
basically everything I think we should
go with this it does make us worse but
not by a ton and this
is like I don't know it's a tough call
maybe it's the right decision for us to
play the self-sacrifice room if it is
it's the right decision later as well
which means we might as well you know
explore a little bit more here he's a
God he got the penny in the second
secret room but yeah it's possible
especially because we got the respawn
there might be a way to eke out a few
extra thousand points or it might give
us so much of a damage penalty that the
teleport is not even worth it in the end
but for now I think we have a very very
luxurious daily ahead of us our stats
are good and there's not really a hard
decision to be made unless we find a
self-sacrifice room email on this floor
in which point your average point we'll
have to think about it but I'd probably
go through with it I think it's a pretty
easy daily like I think everybody's
having a good daily today it's like a
good old-fashioned you know hamburger
french fries in a strawberry milkshake
you know every not everybody's favorite
meal every day but now and then hits the
spot right okay let's leave those in
case we end up wanting to go to a
self-sacrifice room on this floor it is
that one of the most like reproducible
scenes in the game so it's up to us to
be like well let's get bacon on our
burger and then we'll take it to the
next level you know ace of hearts not
relevant I don't really want to use this
yet either again the whole point is sure
it would replace the spirit art but I
like having the stat bonus for now well
we have no other costs associated with
it and if we want to play the
self-sacrifice room I don't really care
what kind of hearts the hearts are I
just care that we can this should be
bookworm I just care that we can take
advantage of it we use book of secrets
that shows
the whole map there is no self-sacrifice
room book of a lile of course quite nice
for damage to the Bible and then book of
sin
give me a purse or a room it gave me a
red heart it's kind of a tough call
because I could see book of Belial being
really nice for us right now you think
it's a secret room below us I think it's
worth checking let's go this means we
don't have to take any extra damage on
this floor which is worth something I
mean stompy admittedly would have helped
us get all this money so I am feeling
the burn in there a little bit we
definitely do not care about matchstick
but again I think you know we're playing
this run right you know we're doing like
a Bob Ross tutorial video right here I'm
not saying it looks as good as the
Masters but it does look evocative of
it's like you know this this run would
get at least an A if this was Isaac
daily class right now like we've hit
every conceivable measure of competency
on the rubric right now sure taking a
little bit of damage but who amongst us
hasn't you know going to every single
room we're not taking needless damage
very often along the way so we really
really like to see a self sacrifice room
on the next floor I think if we don't
get a rune or something that allows us
to the circumvent the run ending on the
next floor I think we would really
really really like to just speed right
by it now we obviously will not be able
to make the hush 5 of the hush fight
also does not exist on today's run so no
harm no foul there again front page is
usually like my my ambitious goal and
today we got a chance I'd say 35 or 38
thousand to make the front page I mean
that's a pretty darn good score to be
honest with you and we're still a
distance away from that so I would
almost bet that there is a self
sacrifice room on the next floor or
there was a shovel
and somehow I missed it it's great item
not going to say no to blood clot here
and we'll head down to the next floor
hey maybe we should look for a second
secret room two bombs two bombs that's
all I'm going to use okay we found a
crawl space crawl space had data miner
yeah dad yeah oh yeah mine yeah er yeah
dad a miner everybody have you heard of
you anyway that's my way of distract you
from the fact that I didn't pick up data
miner cuz it's garbage
people from everywhere come to defend
you despite all your weakness I don't
understand why they like data miner oh I
don't care about that temperance is
technically usable if we get
invincibility we might as well throw
down temperance and just like enjoy life
for a bit plenty of bombs we don't need
any more keys because we're not going to
we're not going to the chest it's
actually not relevant so not so worried
about the loss of cheese store credit
sadly useless but this room seems to
have mostly paid for itself well very
much so paid for itself you also got a
couple of luck upgrades over the course
of this as well
um Keynes I occasionally you know gives
us vision of where to go I actually
think it's the wrong decision to go to
the the cursed room what do we need it's
not going to give us like a full guppy
suite even if it did we don't need a
full guppy suite 48 hour energy I mean I
guess we should still
the battery charge is just in case there
is a self-sacrifice room even though it
might compromise our ability to respawn
as dark Judas it's the right call to get
like the maximum amount of raw HP I'm
telling you I'm basing this whole floor
and my decisions on it on the idea that
there will be a self-sacrifice room and
there was so we know we're going to get
a deal with the devil as well hopefully
it's the deal with the angel will fight
the angel statue and then we'll do our
teleportation and honestly if you like
watching me succeed and I I mean I don't
like watching myself succeed but I like
succeeding on the video I don't you know
watch it back in my own time I never
have any time to myself and you see also
you do it to reflect badly on my
personality you'd be like this guy
watches his own isaac videos it's like
you know an hour and I have a content a
day that he's already seen what's wrong
with them but if you like watching me
succeed you should be very happy with
the way that things are looking right
now because we are probably about to
have one of our best relative ranks ever
unless we grossly grossly mess it up
there's just the reason I'm kind of
excited about it I was very cocky about
yesterday's daily and rank much worse
than I had thought but the reason I'm
cocky about it is because I just don't
see too many opportunities for us to
have gotten more points sure consumables
are a little on the light side except
for money but apart from that and the of
course damage that I don't know why I'm
exclusively getting the exploding option
here now on our fruitcake tears when we
hadn't had it like ever before but did
we pick up something that no blood clot
doesn't do that so I don't understand
anyway I don't see too many
opportunities to get a few thousand
points above me so I have to imagine
that we're you know I'm not saying we're
in the 40s on today's run but I think we
got a good chance to be in the 30
somewhere
we don't need that
an angel deal devil deal we could
probably with the amount of consumables
on the ground we could probably afford
to take either but it we'd have to
consider it you know we'd have to pay if
it's the devil deal we have to consider
if it's an angel deal we just have to
look at the item and determine whether
or not it's any good at all
see that was like rock and a hard place
there we've got an angel deal we'll
probably fight forward as we get a
charge anyway I don't know if we can
take both if we can only take one we
want to take dead dove we have unlimited
bombs on this fight that's really useful
because we need it that was very nice
though on this fight we need the bombs
to pace the enemy away from us
I still don't think it makes sense to go
to the curse room and I'm drowsy at this
point it's just something I have like
wait a minute wait a minute wait a
minute I was going to say to make the
lamb fight easier but we could be heroes
just for one day
you take the temperance card and then
you use it along with the self-sacrifice
room you might be able to snag a blood
bag out of it if you get a blood bag
then you get a speed upgrade which could
be very nice for us as well so you
definitely like pop temperance use this
you know it's going to hurt like our
damage penalty is going to go up maybe
we'll get a reroll or something later
we'll
got to admit relatively smart idea for
yours truly we feel blessed that's
better angel deal chance
just in time three plays just to make it
safe okay I don't know why I would walk
over to that one first but that's all
right
life goes on feel blessed again wow what
a terrific audience thank you for this
all the money and we will receive at one
point not that's good that's good let's
pick it all up the luck there is not
meaningless help recover some of the
points as well so we had little delirium
he's okay you've got positives
don't touch my temperance card we're
going to go back and start to pick up
some extra charges here because again it
would be nice to become dark Judas and
have the damage bonus but we already
have a damage multiplier in the form of
crickets head so I don't know if Dark
Judas is actually going to give us an
added multiplier on top of that doesn't
mean I don't want to become dark Judas
it just means I'm thinking you know
critically about the situation as its
presented itself if we became doctors
I think that would be fine
but I would rather be blue baby with
like four HP than dark Judas with two
and we're making we're making something
out of nothing here which i think is
important this has been a good daily
strong from the get-go and good
opportunities for upward movement you
know it's important
so we forget the blood bank for now I
know sacrilege but
wasn't the right time to worry about it
we did get seven spirit arts and we got
IV bag which is unfortunate but
understandable IV bag is not something
we want blood bag would have been dope
but life goes on so we're gonna teleport
you'll be very interesting to see how
our points look when we come down here
we're at 32,000 so I'm like a man is it
conceivable to get to 38 I don't think
there's anything we like I this was the
right way to get points but we still got
to take it like a little bit to the next
level
oh dude health ups and balls of steel we
still got to play pretty well I think
but top hundreds should be very doable
for us don't think we really squandered
too much goodwill from the run
holy crap we didn't get hit there you
see that it was a it was madness
never ever teleport and I'll be the
happiest of all cat yet I was just not
very shrewd on my part don't squander it
on this floor you know you got i
wouldn't expect to not take any damage
on this floor we're not in like the you
know Tammy said brimstone press space
and everything dies kind of territory
yet fingers a completely acceptable item
even though it costs us it costs us
points to pick it up I think it pays for
itself maybe literally in terms of its
time you know the it will kill enemies
very very slightly faster but also
compensates in terms of like you know
maybe damage take in and then there's
the morale fudge factor as well again
it's kind of debatable whether you
should pick these up at this point in
fact I'm going to stop picking up items
that don't give us like immediate
benefit and admittedly the fly doesn't
really give us a media benefit so
occasional help maybe immediate benefit
no same with like Gemini's fine it's a
little too late for it to guarantee that
it proves it's worth though so just
going to ignore that for now really
hoping the heart would die I think it
has now it's a bad floor for us to have
no vision on by the way you got to take
this
a tears upgrade absolutely I'm looking
at this and I'm like man we're not going
to hit 38,000 35 is conceivable if we do
every room that remains on this floor 35
is within RIT within reach we can get
another you know two thousand for our
time on this room and then whatever our
bonus is for finishing but
I think 38 is outside of the realm of
possibility unfortunately but still a
daily to be proud of and honestly if you
beat me on rank today or came close to
me on rank today you should be proud as
well good this was like a daily where
you had to play at least decently to get
things done you know did you solve a
complex mathematical problem to rank
well today I don't know I know I didn't
but did you show up to class did you do
all the homework and you know give
yourself a pat on the back reward is a
big part of motivation and you know I'm
not afraid to give out too many Pat's on
the back I don't know what you say like
that it sounds a little creepy but this
thirty 2255 obviously the best way to
rank as highly as we possibly can years
just not take any damage but barring
that as a guarantee which is you know
basically inconceivable that you could
guarantee that so I knew it I had my I
had him in my freaking sight soldier 76
style - I just didn't quite have the
speed yet - get out of the way now we
might I don't know I don't think I
should use oh hey I don't think we
should use Satanic Bible yet we should
enjoy the stat bonus well we have it
hello and then use balls of steel
instead
come on come on come on no more jumps no
more jumps no more jokes let's go
we lost like 300 points there Oh up
stop this oh mylanta I still think we
don't use this I prefer having a little
stat bonus right now little grim is gone
now it's a second Seraphim I think not
bad dude Serpent's kiss thanks for the
incredible bounty here power pill also
good we do have some more rooms to go to
so it is like my natural inclination to
be like let's get the heck out of this
floor you know I don't want to live my
life finishing up this freakin daily
like I got things like a do today but I
will come down here we'll do our last
remaining rooms because I really think
I'm feel like it slipped a little bit
towards the end but not much not enough
to be like extremely despondent or
anything so finish this room we'll go
fight the boss
hopefully with power pill we can fight
that boss without taking damage and then
we'll use oh we might get a void floor
after this - I didn't even consider that
that would be a way for us to eke out a
few extra points that I didn't even
consider maybe that's the secret we're
willing it will find out in a second
yeah I don't think so I don't think
that's the secret
I think it probably ends right here but
once we finish this fight if we have no
void we will just use Satanic Bible that
will probably give us you know 3/8 of a
point and you know that could make all
the difference on the leaderboards here
you can't make fun of yourself then you
know you can't make fun of anybody else
that's why I'm especially cruel to
myself so I can just be vicious to other
people you know it's written in the code
of hammurabi get dunked on no void floor
grab this grab this it was like eight
points and let's go I'm happy with
today's score we got 36 thousand 114 is
like the same rank as yesterday with
same hubris for now thanks for watching
hope you guys enjoyed the episode this
is a fun one if you did click the like
button outside a great deal and of
course subscribe you want to see more
the future but for now thanks for
watching and I will see you next time